docs/network.md, before:

# Module Network

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->

## Requirements

No requirements.
## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | n/a |
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | n/a | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | n/a | `any` | n/a | yes |
## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | terraform-aws-modules/vpc/aws | 5.5.2 |
## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_availability_zones.available](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/availability_zones) | data source |
## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_private_subnet_arns"></a> [private\_subnet\_arns](#output\_private\_subnet\_arns) | List of ARNs of private subnets |
| <a name="output_private_subnets"></a> [private\_subnets](#output\_private\_subnets) | List of IDs of private subnets |
| <a name="output_private_subnets_cidr_blocks"></a> [private\_subnets\_cidr\_blocks](#output\_private\_subnets\_cidr\_blocks) | List of cidr\_blocks of private subnets |
| <a name="output_vpc_arn"></a> [vpc\_arn](#output\_vpc\_arn) | The ARN of the VPC |
| <a name="output_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#output\_vpc\_id) | The ID of the VPC |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: :recycle: refactored terraform structure

docs/network.md, after:

# Module Network

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->

## Requirements

No requirements.
## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | n/a |
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | The name of the EKS cluster | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The default region to use for AWS | `string` | n/a | yes |
## Modules

No modules.
## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_eip.eip](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/eip) | resource |
| [aws_internet_gateway.igw](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/internet_gateway) | resource |
| [aws_nat_gateway.nat](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/nat_gateway) | resource |
| [aws_route_table.private](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table) | resource |
| [aws_route_table.public](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.private_a](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.private_b](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.private_c](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.public_a](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.public_b](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.public_c](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.private_a](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.private_b](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.private_c](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.public_a](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.public_b](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.public_c](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [aws_vpc.cluster_vpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/vpc) | resource |
## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_cluster_vpc"></a> [cluster\_vpc](#output\_cluster\_vpc) | value of the VPC |
| <a name="output_private_subnet_1a"></a> [private\_subnet\_1a](#output\_private\_subnet\_1a) | value of the private subnet in the first availability zone |
| <a name="output_private_subnet_1b"></a> [private\_subnet\_1b](#output\_private\_subnet\_1b) | value of the private subnet in the second availability zone |
| <a name="output_private_subnet_1c"></a> [private\_subnet\_1c](#output\_private\_subnet\_1c) | value of the private subnet in the third availability zone |
| <a name="output_public_subnet_1a"></a> [public\_subnet\_1a](#output\_public\_subnet\_1a) | value of the public subnet in the first availability zone |
| <a name="output_public_subnet_1b"></a> [public\_subnet\_1b](#output\_public\_subnet\_1b) | value of the public subnet in the second availability zone |
| <a name="output_public_subnet_1c"></a> [public\_subnet\_1c](#output\_public\_subnet\_1c) | value of the public subnet in the third availability zone |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
